Create rule S7091: Cyclic dependencies between cross-package classes should be resolved (#4316)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S7091/java/rule.adoc

> This rule reports circular dependencies between classes that span across package boundaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule reports circular dependencies between classes across different packages. 
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed.

== Why is this an issue?

> Circular dependencies occur when two classes reference each other directly or indirectly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Circular dependencies occur when two classes reference each other, either directly or indirectly.
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed.

This means that the classes' dependency structure does not represent an intuitive hierarchy, which makes it harder to understand and maintain.

Compared to S7027, this issue is even more significant when a cycle crosses package boundaries because:

1. It disrupts the dependency hierarchy or layer structure even between packages.
2. It spreads the problem across more distant locations in the source code.

=== What is the potential impact?

Circular dependencies increase the architectural complexity of the code, reducing its readability, extensibility, and maintainability.

> As a project grows, circular dependencies tend to be a seed for additional circular dependencies and a further increase in architectural complexity that adds to the technical depth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the project grows, circular dependencies often lead to more circular dependencies, further complicating the architecture and increasing technical debt.
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed.

Over time, untangling these dependencies becomes increasingly difficult.

== How to fix it

> 1. Extract an interface: If two classes share similar functionality, move that functionality to an interface that both can implement. This allows each class to depend on the interface rather than on each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. *Extract an interface*: If two classes share similar functionality, move that functionality to an interface that both can implement. This allows each class to depend on the interface rather than on each other.
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed.

> 2. Use dependency injection: Replace direct references between classes with dependency injection. By passing necessary objects as parameters through constructors or setters, you break the circular reference, making your code more flexible and easier to test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. *Use dependency injection*: Replace direct references between classes with dependency injection. By passing necessary objects as parameters through constructors or setters, you break the circular reference, making your code more flexible and easier to test.
```

> 3. Split responsibilities: Evaluate whether each class is handling too many responsibilities. If so, break them down into smaller, more focused classes. This not only eliminates circular dependencies but makes sure your code has fewer reasons to change, making it easier to manage and extend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. *Split responsibilities*: Evaluate whether each class is handling too many responsibilities. If so, break them down into smaller, more focused classes. This not only eliminates circular dependencies but makes sure your code has fewer reasons to change, making it easier to manage and extend.
```
